Nickelodeon Parents Connect site featured Schlitz Audubon Nature Center as the "Best Place for Family Bonding in Minneapolis."
Minneapolis was named among the top 50 "Next Great Adventure Towns" by National Geographic Adventure Magazine in September of 2008.
An online study by Cambridge University in England rankedMinnesota in the top five states in America for "extraversion" and "agreeableness"
Minneapolis was named among the top ten cities for best value vacation on Hotwire.
Minneapolis has been named a 2008 Top Destination by Facilities & Destinationsmagazine.
Minneapolis's Miller Park was ranked 2nd in fan satisfaction among all MLB ballparks by SI.com
Minneapolis was selected as a "Surprising Gay-Friendly Destination" by PlanetOut for their 2008 Travel Awards.
The New York Times has selected Minneapolis-brewed Sprecher Root Beer as the Best Tasting Root Beer in America.
Minneapolis has been named to MSN.com's list of "12 unexpected urban areas that are doing good green stuff." 
Minneapolis was listed among the top twenty Most Walkable Neighborhoods inAmerica. 
The 2007 Zagat U.S. Airlines Survey rated Minneapolis-based Midwest Airlines #1 in overall quality for U.S. economy service.
Minneapolis’s Mitchell International Airport ranked # 4 in the country by Conde Nast Traveler Readers. 
AARP The Magazine has ranked Minneapolis among the top five places in which to retire.
Travel & Leisure magazine named Minneapolis-based Midwest Airlines “Best Domestic Airline” in its 2007 World’s Best Awards competition.
Minneapolis was ranked eighth in Cooking Light magazine’s “20 Best Cities.”
Minneapolis is the largest city in the State of Minnesota.
Minneapolis is the 31st most populous city in the United States.
The first Europeans to pass through the area were French Catholic missionaries and fur traders.
In 1818, the French-Canadian explorer Solomon Juneau settled in the area
There have been five ships of the United States Navy named after the city, including USS Minneapolis
Minneapolis was originally inhabited by the Menominee, Fox, Mascouten, Sauk, Potawatomi, Ojibwe, and Ho-Chunk Native American tribes
French missionaries and traders first passed through the area in the late 17th and 18th centuries.
Minneapolis was first settled by a French Canadian called Alexis Laframboise in 1785
Minneapolis began to grow as a city as high numbers of immigrants, mainly German, made their way to Minnesota during the 1840s and 1850s
By 1900 34 percent of Minneapolis's population was of German background.
Most German immigrants came to Minnesota in search of inexpensive farmland.
Minneapolis has the fifth-largest Polish population in the U.S. at 45,467
In the 1920s Chicago gangster activity came north to Minneapolis during the Prohibition era.
Minneapolis lies along the shores and bluffs of Lake Michigan at the confluence of three rivers.
North-south streets are numbered, and east-west streets are named.
Minneapolis has rapidly changing weather, producing a humid continental climate, with cold, snowy winters, and very warm humid summers.
Minneapolis's proximity to Lake Michigan causes a convection current to form around mid-afternoon in light wind regimes
Thunderstorms in the region can be dangerous and damaging, bringing hail and high winds. 
At the 2010 Census there were 594,833 people residing in Minneapolis.
Minneapolis is home to the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Minneapolis, and the Episcopal Diocese of Minneapolis.
Minneapolis is the home to the international headquarters of 6 Fortune 500 companies
Service and managerial jobs are the fastest-growing segments of the Minneapolis economy, and health care makes up 27% the jobs in the city.
Minneapolis became synonymous with Germans and beer beginning in the 1850s.
Minneapolis was once the home to four of the world's largest beer breweries (Schlitz, Blatz, Pabst, and Miller)
By 1862 Minneapolis was the largest shipper of wheat on the planet, and related industry developed.
Minneapolis is a popular venue for Lake Michigan sailing, windsurfing, kitesurfing, ethnic dining, and cultural festivals.
The Minneapolis Art Museum is perhaps Minneapolis's most visually prominent cultural attraction
Haggerty Museum of Art, located on the Marquette University campus houses several classical masterpieces and is open to the public.
The Minneapolis Public Museum has been Minneapolis's primary natural history and human history museum for 125 years
Discovery World, Minneapolis's largest museum dedicated to science, is just south of the Minneapolis Art Museum along the lake front
The city hosts the Minnesota State Fair, as well as an annual lakefront fair called Summerfest. 
Minneapolis is home to a variety of primarily ethnically themed festivals throughout the summer.
The first organized musical society, called "Minneapolis Beethoven Society" formed in 1843, three years before the city was incorporated.
In the early 20th century guitar legend Les Paul, and pianist Liberace were some of the area's most famous musicians.
The city has contracted with Midwest Fiber Networks to invest US$20 million in setting up a municipal wireless network city-wide.
Minneapolis County is known for its well-developed Parks of Minneapolis park system
During the summer months, Cathedral Park in Downtown Minneapolis is home to "Jazz in the Park" on Thursday nights
Minneapolis has a mayor-council form of government.
Minneapolis has been a Democratic stronghold for more than a century
Minneapolis makes up the overwhelming majority of Minnesota's 4th congressional district.
For several years, Minneapolis ranked among the ten most dangerous large cities in the United States.